Problem 12. Development Environments
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with popular development environments (IDEs) like Visual Studio.
Write in a text file called “list-of-IDEs.txt” at least five IDEs along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.



1.JDeveloper is a freeware IDE supplied by Oracle Corporation. It offers features for development in Java, XML, SQL and PL/SQL, HTML, JavaScript, BPEL and PHP. JDeveloper covers the full development lifecycle from design through coding, debugging, optimization and profiling to deploying.

2.NetBeans IDE is an open-source integrated development environment. NetBeans IDE supports development of all Java application types, but also with other languages, in particular PHP, C/C++, and HTML5.

3.Eclipse contains a base workspace and an extensible plug-in system for customizing the environment. Written mostly in Java, Eclipse can be used to develop applications. By means of various plug-ins, Eclipse may also be used to develop applications in other programming languages: Ada, ABAP, C, C++, COBOL, Fortran, Haskell, JavaScript, Lasso, Natural, Perl, PHP, Prolog, Python, R, Ruby (including Ruby on Rails framework), Scala, Clojure, Groovy, Scheme, and Erlang.

4.Microsoft Visual Studio is used to develop computer programs for Microsoft Windows, as well as web sites, web applications and web services. Visual Studio includes a code editor supporting IntelliSense as well as code refactoring. The integrated debugger works both as a source-level debugger and a machine-level debugger. Visual Studio supports different programming languages and allows the code editor and debugger to support (to varying degrees) nearly any programming language, provided a language-specific service exists. Built-in languages include C, C++ and C++/CLI, VB.NET, C#  and F#. Support for other languages such as M, Python, and Ruby among others is available via language services installed separately. It also supports XML/XSLT, HTML/XHTML, JavaScript and CSS.

5.Xcode is an integrated development environment (IDE) containing a suite of software development tools developed by Apple for developing software for OS X and iOS. On June 2, 2014 Apple announced version 6 of Xcode. Features include "Playgrounds," live debugging tools, as well as an entirely new programming language called Swift.




